docs/filters/trim.md, before:

---
title: Trim
parent: Filters
nav_order: 4
---

# Trim
An **INCLUSIVE RANGE** of segments to **INCLUDE** in the modified variant playlist. Segments outside this range will be filtered out. The Playlist returned will be a Video on Demand Playlist. 

## Support

### Protocol

HLS | DASH |
:--:|:----:|
yes | no  |

### Keys

| name          | key |
|:-------------:|:---:|
| trim          | t() |

### Values

| values (epoch) | example                  |
|:--------------:|:------------------------:|
| (start, end)   | t(1585335477,1585335677) |

## Limitations
### Tags
Tags in the media playlist will be passed through so long as they are within the boundaries of the provided `start` and `end`
times. We currently have support for suppressing Ad tags in the media playlist, which can be found <a href="tags.html">here</a>.

### Segments
Bakery will trim segments based on what is already advertised in the Variant Playlist. If you have a Live Playlist with a sliding window and only 10 segments advertised, you will only be able to trim within the range of those 10 segments. It is recommended that this feature be used on VOD or EVENT Playlists where the full segment archive is available. For Live playlist, you can increase the size of your retention window so that the sliding window can hold a longer range of segments. 

### Timestamp
The epoch timestamps provided should be relative to the Program Date Time advertised in your Variant Playlists.

### Program Date Time
The Program Date Time is used to set the boundaries of the media playlist. It is recommended to have Program Date Time enabled for every segment that is advertised in the manifest. 

## Usage Example
Range is supplied with `,` and no space in between the epoch timestamps

    // Define range of variant playlists
    $ http http://bakery.dev.cbsivideo.com/t(1585335477,1585335677)/star_trek_discovery/S01/E01.m3u8

Commit message:

Extend trim inclusive (#109)
* Include all segments that have ANY content in the trim filter range (#107)

* Simplify append previous segment logic, add more tests.

Co-authored-by: Keith Richards <keith.richards@cbsinteractive.com>

docs/filters/trim.md, after:

---
title: Trim
parent: Filters
nav_order: 4
---

# Trim
An **INCLUSIVE RANGE** of segments to **INCLUDE** in the modified variant playlist. Segments that contain ANY amount of content included in the range will be included. Segments with NO content in the range will be filtered out. The Playlist returned will be a Video on Demand Playlist.

## Support

### Protocol

HLS | DASH |
:--:|:----:|
yes | no  |

### Keys

| name          | key |
|:-------------:|:---:|
| trim          | t() |

### Values

| values (epoch) | example                  |
|:--------------:|:------------------------:|
| (start, end)   | t(1585335477,1585335677) |

## Limitations
### Tags
Tags in the media playlist will be passed through so long as they are within the boundaries of the provided `start` and `end`
times. We currently have support for suppressing Ad tags in the media playlist, which can be found <a href="tags.html">here</a>.

### Segments
Bakery will trim segments based on what is already advertised in the Variant Playlist. If you have a Live Playlist with a sliding window and only 10 segments advertised, you will only be able to trim within the range of those 10 segments. It is recommended that this feature be used on VOD or EVENT Playlists where the full segment archive is available. For Live playlist, you can increase the size of your retention window so that the sliding window can hold a longer range of segments.

### Timestamp
The epoch timestamps provided should be relative to the Program Date Time advertised in your Variant Playlists.

### Program Date Time
The Program Date Time is used to set the boundaries of the media playlist. It is recommended to have Program Date Time enabled for every segment that is advertised in the manifest.

## Usage Example
Range is supplied with `,` and no space in between the epoch timestamps

    // Define range of variant playlists
    $ http http://bakery.dev.cbsivideo.com/t(1585335477,1585335677)/star_trek_discovery/S01/E01.m3u8
